Customizations, Troubleshooting, JSON Input Framework example (#186)
zeek/zeek-docs: customizations.rst

     "id.resp_h": "192.150.187.43",
     "id.resp_p": 80,
     "proto": "tcp",
     ...
     "community_id": "1:yvyB8h+3dnggTZW0UEITWCst97w="
   }

The Community ID Flow Hash of an :zeek:see:`conn_id` instance can be computed
with the :zeek:see:`community_id_v1` builtin function directly on the command-line
or in custom scripts.

.. code-block:: console

    $ zeek -e 'print community_id_v1([$orig_h=141.142.228.5, $orig_p=59856/tcp, $resp_h=192.150.187.43, $resp_p=80/tcp])'
    1:yvyB8h+3dnggTZW0UEITWCst97w=

.. _Community ID Flow Hashing: https://github.com/corelight/community-id-spec
.. _zeek-community-id: https://github.com/corelight/zeek-community-id/>`_

Log Writers
===========

Kafka
-----

For exporting logs to `Apache Kafka`_, the externally maintained `zeek-kafka`_
package is a popular choice and easy to configure:

.. code-block:: zeek

   redef Log::default_writer = Log::WRITER_KAFKAWRITER;

   redef Kafka::kafka_conf += {
       ["metadata.broker.list"] = "192.168.0.1:9092"
   };

.. _Apache Kafka: https://kafka.apache.org/
.. _zeek-kafka: https://github.com/SeisoLLC/zeek-kafka/

Log Rotation
============

JSON Streaming Logs
-------------------

> The externally maintained `json-streaming-logs`_ package tailors Zeek

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The externally-maintained `json-streaming-logs`_ package tailors Zeek
```

for use with log shippers like Filebeat or fluentd. It configures additional
log files prefixed with ``json_streaming_``, adds ``_path`` and ``_write_ts``
fields and configures log rotation appropriately.

If you do not use a logging archive and want to stream all logs away
from the system where Zeek is running, this package might be for you.

.. _json-streaming-logs: https://github.com/corelight/json-streaming-logs

Profiling and Debugging
=======================

jemalloc profiling
------------------

For investigation of memory leaks or state-growth issues within Zeek,

> jemalloc's profiling is invaluable. A package providing a bit of help to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
jemalloc's profiling is invaluable. A package providing a bit of help for configuring jemalloc support
```
